hey folks it's click the ball shelf in
this evening I'm putting together a very
special Korea in the dish for korean BBQ
it's called bulgogi and if you ever
tried Korean barbecue before this is
probably the entry-level dish that you
would have it's made out of a very very
thinly sliced meat just like this and
what I'm going to start out by showing
you is how we marinate the bulgogi and
we're going to get right into it and you
can stuff marinate it up alright we're
going to make up this bulgogi and hunger
the Korean language bull means fire and
gogi means bait so this is like fire
beef but normally it's not really that
spicy that we you know we would make it
spicy but tonight we're going to make
our bulgogi spicy so we're going to go
over the ingredients that we've got
we've got some cooking wine here we've
got some soy sauce some uh egg egg
whites we've got some korean red pepper
spice some green onions I've got some
garlic minced up here and I've got some
ginger along with some sugar all right
so what we're gonna do is we're going to
put these ingredients together we're
going to start with our garlic we're
going to put in about 2 tablespoons of
garlic and about 2 tablespoons of the
ginger and to that we're going to add a
whopping three tablespoons of the Korean
hot pepper and we'll add in our ramapo
here up two and a half tablespoons of
sure the two egg whites as we mentioned
earlier we're going to put in a good
quality of soy sauce this korean soy
sauce will be putting in about a quarter
of a cup into our marinade mixture
something like that
and then what we're going to do is we're
going to add the rice wine and we're
going to be putting in about 8 of a cup
of the rice wine and then the lefty will
be the green onions do that we need to
add the final magic ingredient that's
going to bring all this together which
is a tablespoon and a half of sesame oil
okay now what we'll do we'll stir all
this around and now we prepared our
spicy bulgogi Korean marinade which
we're going to put onto our meat I'm
going to just pour this right on top of
here we'll put on some plastic gloves
and we'll mix all this up and I don't
let this marinate for about two hours
come back I'll show you the next step
all right our bulgogi has been marinated
thoroughly we put it out onto our gas
grill we're going to cook this korean
ass the light off here for a few minutes
on each side here until it's well done
and bring it inside serve it up and it
should be pretty good stuff folks hooked
up yeah we'll go here the RV give this
little try here and will
didn't actually get the whole filming
day with GWT BBQ down before same kind
of thing it is the bike the Korea galaxy
is the fire
Burnett tasteful bit spikes that we'll
get to it during break dream in a Korean
barbecue dish I've got a couple of my
friends in here tonight that like didn't
we should do one of the toy I'm going to
what question you know the drug came up
here destroy him over here on the
YouTube channel are they I tell you the
space cowboy kicks in geez I he's from
my isn't my backhand rouge louisiana but
he lives down austin texas get oh boy
and he just taking some of that korean
bell go you just up you thought I'd like
it tenderly now if you like this you
liked it a lot in there ain't no green
blue before appreciate you have
yogurtland hey the problem there but we
got we got big draw they draw a ver
anybody that's a booty up now they know
Larry Larry from the would fit OE
everybody and lyrica trots over this
bulgogi to he's never eaten industry of
stuff did you see this as a little bit
spicy sneeze and spice what do you think
of that there I'll air how the thing
nope not spicy real good does have a
little kick to it is excellent I want to
do yeah alright you start up young flip
on the 20 alright so we got Larry up
here got his little companion birdie up
you know she's look wat take it in the
whole site got all this up at any rate
we got all we got all this green food on
your lay down you know I got friends up
here Troy and now Larry from the wolf it
they've take this out on that
thank you for watching my complete yet
incomplete the bulgogi korean video
again so some be up and fell you like
what you see give me a like you don't
tell me why it's getting the ball shut
that is always about apathy